okay we're starting the recording now
hello everybody welcome to the Jazz core
dev team weekly sync at April 2:15 Fitz
2019 we're still here having fun in the
distributed web let me put the link to
the notes in the in the chat and if you
have if you are here please put your
name in the attendees list so that we
know who was here at this meeting and if
you have a weekly update than please add
it in the notes now could we have a
volunteer for note-taker oh we have all
the evans are raising his hand very good
thank you ollie put your name there cool
so welcome what do we do now most of the
week most of the week most of the time
we normally do a weekly update where we
tell each other what we we did this week
we've locked on and what we're planning
on doing this week just so that we can
catch up and then if we have time at the
end we will move on to cross team
updates and if you are from a team a
related team that isn't jazz core or
just want to add some update then please
do edit in that section I mean in the
hackpad
and we'll get to you in a minute so let
us begin and weekly update okay so this
is a new contributor what was someone
called how I think he's called Adam I
looked him up on github since we were
working on the chair sweeper migration
tool yes when I know that and I have
commented on that as well so that's rad
I'm gonna have to aperture check that
out
looks like he has got my first motion as
a migration tool for chairs IVFs and is
going to be working on test coverage and
integration in suggests that if s so
that it's super cool Thank You Adam cool
and I know for a fact that Dirk is not
going to be joining us today either so
let me treat his update which is just he
working on PR to limit the scope of the
fine piers query and he's been working
on async/await
endeavor for and he's worked on the PTB
tcp and the transport interface circum
he's blocked on the multinational async
PR which by which is an async await PR
which I believe Hugo will be merging
very shortly cool okay next up is Jacob
would you like to share your update with
us please yes
all right last week the big thing is J
slew p2p o dot 25 got released on Friday
so feel free to upgrade the new version
of J's ipfs already has it array the big
thing with there is really a lot of
connection management improvements along
with auto-dial so now when well when we
discover peers will Auto dial them JSF
EFS was already doing this now no longer
does it because Lib p2p is doing that
and we'll only auto dial up to the
minimum peers that we want with
connection manager so it gets us up to a
certain level and then stops spamming
the network with dials that we don't
need so that should help with that yeah
you can check out the release notes and
that was basically what I was working on
last week this week going to continue
working on network performance for JSI p
of s with the DHT enabled so we can get
that out the door in the next release
for real this time
and then hopefully if I get to that
finish this week then I will kick off
getting the Lippe to be rendezvous
module up to date with the latest spec
that should be it any questions
cool Thank You Jacob
next up is Hugo and he is help here he
is ill as well he's been working on
changing the demon exits for Jessica
festivites safer which is good
non-generic constructor methods not
entirely sure what that one is okay it's
been fixing up the browserify version of
ferrous sulfide httpclient
was yeah it was missing a the buffer
export for some reason and he fixed that
up and he's doing dudes Mike Nestor it's
yeah same thing for Jess IVFs as well
yes stuff I think you have to read
furnace and ask him about it if you are
at all is IP NSO the DNS demo is very
cool nice where can we see that it was
in last week's beauty that's excreting
cool which is available on the youtubes
so go on what's that nice cool ok so he
yeah he like I said he's gonna be
releasing the multi ashing I think which
is great it will be our second green
apple on the async/await endeavor we
have by the way
multiple oranges already on there and I
don't want the red one is I guess it's
just a red apple anyway that aside all
right cool it's that's that Hugo is on
to me next
oh gosh this is jumping around all over
the place cool
so last week what was I doing I found
out that I was doing to work on making
mdns compatible with KYT FS and I found
out that there was a problem with us
dialing ourselves and so I opened up PR
to fix that up and had a bunch of tests
so that's good and if you're interested
in all of the stuff that went into lippy
tepee and the story of like why the DHT
was taken out of 0:35 release or it
wasn't really taken out but it was not
enabled by default and then you should
check out this this issue that for
written up 1984 and it's a big long
story but it is many of the trials and
tribulations we've been through on the
road to doing it to the latest
nippy-titty release which has been good
fun but yeah it's been exhausting but
the good news is that last week yes I
profess 0:35 was released on Friday
blog post there if you want to check out
what is actually in it and then today I
have been working on adding tests to the
VM DNS compatibility PR and they are all
passing so it's ready to go and
hopefully that will be released pretty
soon so that's cool I'm not blocked on
anything at the moment and my next point
to work on is king finally finally
getting around to sorting out okay ours
for us I need to say Dirk has a bunch of
Piazza interview and I wanted to help
out with the DAT debugging now that note
5 is out the door we need to continue
with with making sure or trying to get
this up and running so that it can be in
the next release that is me does anyone
have any questions quickly all right
cool thank you next up we have mr.
Lydell would you like to share with us
your update so I sort of went on King
Kong HTTP gateway ingest ipfs recently
mostly due to our integration you with
both so if anyone is interested with
details of how that integration goes I
gave an update on the last week's GUI
call their cell linking notes but from
that work sort of Jessica's specific
parts started landing so I the couple to
actually be servers from
the demon command and I think that was
already merged there are some things
that are I put in blog section but not
really those are not really blocking me
but basically those are missing pieces
that needs to land in jest ipfs
eventually to have feature parity with
what go ipfs is able to provide it as an
HTTP gateway so let me I fixed streaming
of compressed by loads and that PR is
ready for review
ci fails but I think it's not related so
would be great if someone looked at that
and there are two functional missing
pieces in Jessup EFS gateway one is
ability to load shard that directory
namely the Wikipedia is one big shot at
website so we are not able to load
Wikipedia number that note in brave
until that is implemented I think it's I
think Alex already like created PR it
just needs another round of reviews or
something and another thing that's
missing is support for basically DNS in
IP Ana's so domain names in under IP and
s paths are not supported right now I've
seen there was a contributor who said
they will pick that up but it did not go
anywhere or at least there's science in
eater
I talked with Hugo and Hugo wanted to
pick that up but now he's sick so it's
sort of like yep so my plan is to
investigate range requests in J's ipfs
gateway cuz I don't think it's supported
or at least it's missing headers that
should be there
yep not something my update I guess oh
sorry I'd forgotten so baby one wants to
play you can grab brief nightly the like
official break nightly from the nightly
channel cuz brave now has like a better
channel developer channel nighty and
then this
special version with support for Chrome
sockets will give you this powerful
embedded API and that Jessica's version
I will land that in the beta channel of
I clicks companion this week but if
anyone is super excited you can build it
from the branch and that's all
can you put the link to the nightly is
it nightly of brave that we need to long
it yeah it's actually in the first in
though it's already all right right okay
go and I think I had another question oh
yeah so what you were saying about the
ITN SDNS link pass I think the the guy
you're talking about was actually doing
an open-source apprenticeship and I
think that has ended L so I don't know
how much progress will continue with
with what he was doing so if you if you
are not what gonna work on it because if
you think that someone else is working
on it then I would forget that because
you can probably pick up if you want but
maybe that would check with them first
cool any questions for Lydell alright
okay let's move on a next up we've got
vasco would you like to share your
update with us
hey sure so I last week I started my
refractor and Libby to pay introspection
PR that I get mostly for a switch I
added more data to streams and also did
a big reflector to the code in order to
drive it more modular for adding new
subsystems when the time comes then I
reviewed the GS implementation of
percepts that my Akira is working on
there are some issues that need to be
solved before it gets ready then I also
looked at Dirk's PR for the sync wait
for the interface transport which was
one thing that I really went to
to unblock and then I did like feller of
maintenance work likely bugging stuff
for a penis for the GSB fester lives and
also I ended up carrying this large
endeavor of heading the discuss lipid
Pio badges to all the chests Liberty
ripples and also updating the
dependencies of other APIs I'm kind of
off of the rapist at the moment then I'm
not blocked in anything and for this
week I I want to after after checking
the interface transport we are from Dirk
I wants to make a proposal for the
interfaces connection I still need to
check with Allen and Dirk if they start
to discussing something onions then I
will help make your debugging an issue
for gossip sell weed publish I'm not
sure yet
what's the problem but I will also have
a look then I need to finish updating
all the JavaScript clip to be modules
with the badges and dependencies and
also look at the inter interrupt issue
with Firefox that Allen discovered today
and if I get time also review the
streams interrupt tests for a little bit
early that's everything for me anyone
has questions
awesome Thank You Vasco the main news is
that Lippi terpene now has its own
discussion forum discuss live Peter veto
IO and so maybe maybe you can add that
link to your notes flash guys just so
that people can it's there already I
just maybe you can if you can link it
cool
alright go and check that out if you're
interested in discussing the p2p things
alright rad next up is akin brain Alex
would you like to show your update glass
hello so I started last week which wanna
go through some tickets on NPM on my
Clippers when I looked up we're saying
how slow it was to basically pull down
the registry index and it should be
really quick because it's just one pipe
no granteth one enormous not one
diagnose there's like the tip of an
iceberg that is an enormous hard shot
but it should be super quick just to
pull that first one down loading more
than our hands so I fixed that locally
and just yeah I just can't bear to look
at the code anymore in the m FS and
importers and the exports because it's
all very very very squirrely so since
Volkers merge the IPO dapi changes and
some of the you know stilts that the
whole thing is built on stop being a
sink away friendly so I started
refactoring everything to be async/await
and it's looking like way better it's a
lot easier to comprehend what is going
on which is cooling so that like the
dike PV module has not been done so I've
just wrapped it I'm just a saying it's
the existing API because it's good
enough so I'm gonna do some performance
with water actually means once all the
the rewrite is done hopefully won't be
too too much slows psr-4 enemy for the
next few days at least bank holidays on
Friday ok
spec technically not in that just like
was ability that I might be out before
then only stuff I'm not gonna talk about
mean to me yep that's me
any questions alright thank you Alex
alright so next up we have vmx we have
the volca would you like to share your
update with us yes I'm still working on
stuff that alex is waiting for on the
IPL gif format stuff I thought most
difficult one was assume I moved on it's
too light but now but I am on the if
everyone and that's like oh my god so
bad it's just takes a while it's pretty
complex it's pretty cool Becky and and
yeah something halfway through so
hopefully I'll finish it today let's see
and then the other static ones are the
get one which should be easy hopefully
and the Bitcoin in the sea cash so easy
because I've written them self yeah but
this will keep me busy for the week and
hopefully not next week okay that's all
thank you Volker any questions for
Volker Volker it might be an idea if
you've focused on the dag pb-1 as a
place to the so the other ones are less
used on the BB the the PP one is is kind
of done the problem is just that I'm I'm
still feeling that I need to change the
API because of the others so it's kind
of like I discover something and then do
another breaking change and so on so but
the tech prune powers it's done
so it would actually be super helpful to
you just async referred the existing API
and then if you want to change stuff in
the API deal out later because that just
means that I don't have to wrap things
and it means that I can actually get on
wisdom we have another sole cause I
don't need several clothes
I mean I said it every week the current
interface doesn't have that many changes
other than async yet like it's mostly
just getting rid of like unnecessary
namespace that's the majority of the
change no it does anyway say yeah I'm
confident that I will be finished soon
this time I'm getting more confident um
if the activity is done though can we
just push that and release a breaking
change and then we can update it if the
interface changes down the road just
that we can like unblock all the well
the problem is it's not that easy
because the problem is that it also
breaks J cycle D and if I then need to
Bayview the special case enjoy cycle D
for tech protocol buffers because the
the major change is basically that now
the CID like the links are released IDs
and not this chase some things and then
it's like we like it's yeah it's
complicated that's not as
straightforward as it seems I'm sorry
alright okay we are okay so let's just
stand out of line
yeah it would be cool to get all of
these sorted this week and next week if
they're not done how do they anyway cool
Thank You Volker all right next up
nothing there's nothing less okay across
seam updates no one's add any cross team
updates are you here and in a cross team
and would like to give us an update
anyway
raise your hand I'll just plug there's a
meeting on Wednesday first one for IP NS
and
try to get I'm not really doing it but
Pedro and a Dean and Hugo if he's
healthy so and anybody else who has
opinions on I pianist you go had a
really cool demo last week with last I
pianist over DMS more ideas get them all
in there that's Wednesday that's what's
on there Edie I'm here I don't know what
it is et Cie maybe you can add it to the
show this is show no oh okay
great thank you go anyone else would
like to give an update it reads said to
4:00 p.m. UTC to right Michael yeah just
real quick on I might tell you stuff we
are working on like the the next next
version of the IPL the interfaces and
there's like kind of a big change and
how you use it but the main thing just
to look at right now is that we're doing
a lot of the performance work in there
like we're relatedly you know encode and
decode things we casted he coatings we
we do a bunch of other stuff we just
factored out a lot of unnecessary async
operation like that so if you've been
working on the sort of performance stuff
the Matteo surface getting your eyes on
that earlier rather than later it would
be great that's a in a repo called IP LD
stack Jas I feel D stack in the ad el de
org cool thank you Michael
all right it's
no one else all right okay we are almost
done other notes Vasco is out on Friday
it's probably called holiday in the UK
as well so I'll add that to notes so I
guess I'll take out the UK continuance
key as well mostly and volca is out on
Wednesday or Thursday and on Friday and
Monday all right this is rad boolean
logic cool discussed yeah and perfect
runs okay JSI PLD stack all right um in
which case I think we're done unless
there's anyone else who has anything
else to say I just came here to bug Hugo
about both in gayest HTTP okay there's a
steep decline but he's dead so he's
hopefully not dead
cool all right thanks very much everyone
for attending and I will see you next
time for another exciting round of what
we did this week what we blocked on and
what we're gonna do next
goodbye happy IP addressing